hey chef Jason Hill here and one day I
came home and I found my daughter
cooking up some pancakes
it is super good super easy and you'll
never want to buy one of those boxed
pancake mixes again let me show you
okay I've put together my meson gloss
things in place here and it came
together really quick started with two
level cups of all-purpose flour you need
about one and a half to two cups of milk
whole milk I've got two tablespoons of
butter that I'm gonna melt down on the
microwave and a half teaspoon of kosher
salt a couple of large eggs and this is
two teaspoons of baking powder and a
tablespoon of sugar which is optional
then I'm gonna add a drop or two of
vanilla okay first thing we're going to
do is combine all of the dry ingredients
next we're gonna beat two eggs into the
milk okay now I'm gonna whisk in the
melted butter and after I pull it out of
the microwave I let it sit for a little
bit I don't want to put it in there
piping hot
now we're gonna gently mix in the milk
and egg to moisten the flour and don't
worry if you have a few lumps in here
well that's about the consistency I like
and then finally my little touch I like
to do is just add a drop or two of
vanilla extract okay I'm gonna put my
burners on about medium-high and I like
this little flat top griddle that I have
then you can use a regular pan we're
gonna get that nice and preheated okay a
good way to test the sefer griddle is
hot enough you just take your hand he
pushed him on there for a good I don't
know 10 seconds or so and if you remove
your hand you got a nice red tip to it
it's ready just kidding
do a couple of water drops and as soon
as those bubble off like that your pan
is hot and i season my griddle i like to
use a little butter you can use pan
spray or oil you like I've got a high
temp spatula here so what won't melt
onto the griddle we have about 1/3 cup
of batter for each pancake and spread a
little bit of that round
now at this point too you can add
different things to your pancake batter
throw in some fresh blueberries
chocolate chips you can tell your
pancakes are starting to cook by looking
at these little bubbles on the edges so
this is gonna be the first one I'm going
to turn
come over here all right
and once you flip them they only need
half the time on the other side all
right after they're done you can put
them on a plate that's ovenproof and put
them in to a warm oven anywhere between
180 to 200 degrees and then you can
serve up the whole family at once okay
I'm gonna keep it simple today just do a
little bit of butter on each one
drizzling fresh real maple syrup I guess
it's not fresh but it's real expensive
stuff here but it's the best well I just
like to fake my daughter for finding
this easy recipe it's really really good
and as always thanks for tubing in mmm
so good you can't even compare this to
the stuff you buy in the box
you